what's up YouTube it's me Blake with
another very exclusive video I never
seen anybody do this before I'm pretty
sure I'm the first and because I'm the
first I'm gonna help you guys on how to
do this and I'm pretty sure a lot of you
people are gonna be very thankful that I
showed you how to do this I'm gonna
start off like this if you guys aren't
familiar with a game called of World of
Warcraft it's a very popular game about
over 11 million people play it online
which is kind of crazy but it's pretty
much a PC game and I know a lot of you
guys might not have gaming PC's to have
the ability to play this game and I
figured that's not very fair and I
thought it would be like really good at
they it gave it a possibility to play on
maybe Xbox 360 so basically in this
video I'm gonna show you guys how to
play World of Warcraft on your xbox 360
yes that is right how to play World of
Warcraft on your Xbox 360 as you can see
I just have little title screen up
because I wanted to make sure you guys
knew a game I was talking about it's a
pretty popular game like everyone plays
it it's pretty addictive too but anyway
I'm going to show you guys how to do it
real quick let me show the actual game
okay as you can see I'm playing it right
now and then but you guys are probably
wondering like Oh Blake you're supposed
to be playing it on xbox 460 not the PC
like what the hell is wrong with you
well let me get to that as you can see I
have my xbox 360 sitting right there on
my chair with my xbox 360 sitting right
there on my chair and the world of
warcraft right there what you do is you
take your ass and you sit it on the Xbox
360 like that right so I'm on the Xbox
360 then I go to my computer and I
display so basically this is how you
play World of Warcraft on your Xbox 360
I swear this joke never gets old